Prepare 0.5.4 release (#55)
DataDog/logstash-output-datadog_logs: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.5.3

>  - Fix `no_ssl_validation` preventing the plugin from starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fix issue where setting `no_ssl_validation` prevented the plugin from starting.
```
